ABOUT.md, before:

# JourneyMonitor

## About the service

At http://journeymonitor.com, the project provides a software-as-a-service that allows users to upload Selenium
test scripts which are executed regularly and alert users if a test run resulted in an error. It also provides
ridiculously detailed performance metrics for each test run.

Think of it as a cloud-based cron for you Selenium tests.


## About the project

The full source code that powers the JourneyMonitor service is publicly available on GitHub. We would love to see
others joining the development effort.


### Nomenclature

The architecture of the JourneyMonitor service is modularized on different levels.

On the highest level, there are currently four modules, which are called *Systems*:

- **[INFRA](https://github.com/journeymonitor/infra)** provides the Puppet and Vagrant code that is used to set up
  development and production environments for the applications of the other systems
- **[CONTROL](https://github.com/journeymonitor/control)** contains a Symfony2 application and Scala applications
  which together power the web frontend at http://journeymonitor.com
- **[MONITOR](https://github.com/journeymonitor/monitor)** contains a plain PHP application with Bash script additions
  that does the actual heavy-lifting of running the testcases against a Firefox/Selenium setup and collecting the
  results
- **[ANALYZE](https://github.com/journeymonitor/anaylze)** contains, among others, a Scala/Spark application which
  extracts interesting metrics from the testcase runs

All four systems form the fully featured JourneyMonitor service. The independence of the systems is *high*:
They do not share code, and they do not share data. Each system has a technological stack that best fits its
needs. The code for each system lives in its own repository. With this approach, JourneyMonitor follows the idea
of *Self-contained Systems*, as described at [scs-architecture.org](http://scs-architecture.org).

Systems can be further modularized. At this level, modules are called *Applications*. For example, the *ANALYZE*
system currently contains two applications: *importer* takes care of consuming and persisting testresults from the
*MONITOR* system, and the *spark* application then operates on this data in order to calculate statistics.

As systems don't share data, they need to exchange data. This happens via RESTful interfaces on top of HTTP. In
this sense, applications can provide *RESTful APIs*, but this is not part of the modularization.

Of course, applications are modularized, too. This, however, is implementation-specific (packages, classes, etc.).

Thus, the following modularization hierarchy is practiced:

                                The complete service
                                       |
                                       |
                                       | consists of multiple Systems
                                       |
                                       |
                        |--------------|--------------|
                  a System   a System    a System
                        |
                        |
                        | consists of one or more Applications
                        |
                        |
        |---------------|---------------|
      an Application  an Application  an Application


### The Big Pictures

#### Systems diagram with data flow

                                       User
                                        +
                                        | interacts
                                        | with
                                        | Control
                                  +-----v-----+
              +-------------------+           |
              |                   |  CONTROL  <--------------+
              |    +-------------->           |              |reads
              |    | reads        +-----------+              |statistics
        reads |    | testresults  - manages                  |from
    testcases |    | from           testcases                |Analyze
         from |    | Monitor      - views                    |
      Control |    |                testresults              |
             +v----+-----+        * Symfony2           +-----+-----+
             |           |        * sqlite3            |           |
             |  MONITOR  |                             |  ANALYZE  |
             |           +----------------------------->           |
             +-----------+              reads          +-----------+
             - executes                 testresults    - generates
               testcases                from             statistics
             - collects                 Monitor          from
               testresults                               testresults
             * Plain PHP                               * Spark
             * sqlite3                                 * Scala
             * selenese-runner                         * Cassandra
             * browsermob-proxy
                                      +-----------+
                                      |           |
                                      |   INFRA   |
                                      |           |
                                      +-----------+
                                      - manages
                                        configuration
                                        of systems
                                      * Puppet
                                      * Vagrant

Commit message:

Updating READMEs, removing Vagrant-related stuff.

ABOUT.md, after:

# JourneyMonitor

## About the service

At http://journeymonitor.com, the project provides a software-as-a-service that allows users to upload Selenium
test scripts which are executed regularly and alert users if a test run resulted in an error. It also provides
ridiculously detailed performance metrics for each test run.

Think of it as a cloud-based cron for you Selenium tests.


## About the project

The full source code that powers the JourneyMonitor service is publicly available on GitHub. We would love to see
others joining the development effort.


### Nomenclature

The architecture of the JourneyMonitor service is modularized on different levels.

On the highest level, there are currently four modules, which are called *Systems*:

- **[INFRA](https://github.com/journeymonitor/infra)** provides the Puppet and Docker Compose code that is used to set
  up development and production environments for the applications of the other systems
- **[CONTROL](https://github.com/journeymonitor/control)** contains a Symfony2 application and Scala applications
  which together power the web frontend at http://journeymonitor.com
- **[MONITOR](https://github.com/journeymonitor/monitor)** contains a plain PHP application with Bash script additions
  that does the actual heavy-lifting of running the testcases against a Firefox/Selenium setup and collecting the
  results
- **[ANALYZE](https://github.com/journeymonitor/anaylze)** contains, among others, a Scala/Spark application which
  extracts interesting metrics from the testcase runs

All four systems form the fully featured JourneyMonitor service. The independence of the systems is *high*:
They do not share code, and they do not share data. Each system has a technological stack that best fits its
needs. The code for each system lives in its own repository. With this approach, JourneyMonitor follows the idea
of *Self-contained Systems*, as described at [scs-architecture.org](http://scs-architecture.org).

Systems can be further modularized. At this level, modules are called *Applications*. For example, the *ANALYZE*
system currently contains two applications: *importer* takes care of consuming and persisting testresults from the
*MONITOR* system, and the *spark* application then operates on this data in order to calculate statistics.

As systems don't share data, they need to exchange data. This happens via RESTful interfaces on top of HTTP. In
this sense, applications can provide *RESTful APIs*, but this is not part of the modularization.

Of course, applications are modularized, too. This, however, is implementation-specific (packages, classes, etc.).

Thus, the following modularization hierarchy is practiced:

                                The complete service
                                       |
                                       |
                                       | consists of multiple Systems
                                       |
                                       |
                        |--------------|--------------|
                  a System   a System    a System
                        |
                        |
                        | consists of one or more Applications
                        |
                        |
        |---------------|---------------|
      an Application  an Application  an Application


### The Big Pictures

#### Systems diagram with data flow

                                       User
                                        +
                                        | interacts
                                        | with
                                        | Control
                                  +-----v-----+
              +-------------------+           |
              |                   |  CONTROL  <--------------+
              |    +-------------->           |              |reads
              |    | reads        +-----------+              |statistics
        reads |    | testresults  - manages                  |from
    testcases |    | from           testcases                |Analyze
         from |    | Monitor      - views                    |
      Control |    |                testresults              |
             +v----+-----+        * Symfony2           +-----+-----+
             |           |        * sqlite3            |           |
             |  MONITOR  |                             |  ANALYZE  |
             |           +----------------------------->           |
             +-----------+              reads          +-----------+
             - executes                 testresults    - generates
               testcases                from             statistics
             - collects                 Monitor          from
               testresults                               testresults
             * Plain PHP                               * Spark
             * sqlite3                                 * Scala
             * selenese-runner                         * Cassandra
             * browsermob-proxy
                                      +-----------+
                                      |           |
                                      |   INFRA   |
                                      |           |
                                      +-----------+
                                      - manages
                                        setup and
                                        configuration
                                        of systems
                                      * Puppet
                                      * Docker Compose
